DAN: It's been over a year since we defeated Gundalia
in the battle for Neathia and the Sacred Orb.
Once we returned to Earth and rebuilt a mega
Bakugan Interspace the number of people accessing it
from around the world totally exploded!
Of course Drago and I are back in action,
along with our pals Marucho and his new partner Tristar;
and Shun who's rockin' the Battle Arena with Taylean.
The flood of new Battlers means we're up
against some crazy serious competition now!
This is Bakugan battling like you've never seen it before
...but we're in it to win it!
\u266a What are ya gonna do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you, \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall,
\u266a You gotta give it your all, a-a-a-a-a-a \u266a
\u266a This is the final stand, a-a-a-a-a-a \u266a
\u266a The powers in your hand!
\u266a Two worlds collide, On the inside, \u266a
\u266a You got to fight for what's right, \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone... \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
TAYLEAN: Hmmmph!
Haaaaaah! [exertion, running reax]
Hmmmph!
Huuuuuaaaaaah!
TAYLEAN: Not good enough, punk!
CROWD OF SPECTATORS: [wild cheering]
SHUN: Ability activate!
SHUN: Slash Rise Thunder!
TAYLEAN: Haaaaaaaah!
BOY BATTLER A: What?
BOY BATTLER B: No way!
SHUN: Ability activate!
SHUN: Shooting Wind Dust Slash!
TAYLEAN: Hmmmph!
Haaaaah!
ANNOUNCER: It's another \"Kazami Double Whammy\"!
CROWD OF SPECTATORS: Shun! Shun! Shun! Shun! Shun!
SHUN: Those two kids were using Chaos Bakugan as well.
TAYLEAN: They're everywhere yet no one
seems to know how to use them properly.
MARUCHO: Hey Shun, hold up a second!
SHUN: No time to stop, Marucho.
I've got a battle to get to.
MARUCHO: Just stop!
MARUCHO: You need to take a break.
You're gonna burn out. Listen to me. Please!
SHUN: There's too many reckless battlers running around.
If I don't keep them in check Interspace is in trouble.
MARUCHO: [grunt] Hey! But...But Shun.
MARUCHO: Can't you see that you're heading down
the same path as Dan?
RAFE: Hmmph. Sounds like the Brawlers
are having some \"personality issues\" huh, Paige?
PAIGE: I think we arrived just in time, Rafe.
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in: A Royale Pain.
SELLON: Now! Time to bloom. And destroy your opponents!
SELLON: Mechtogan Braxion.
Surge!
[computer beeps and trills]
BOY BATTLER C: Whoa!
BOY BATTLER D: Don't just sit there! Attaaaaaaaack!
[explosion]
BOY BATTLER C: Whoooooooa! BOY BATTLER D: Whoooooooa!
SELLON: [chuckle] A killer instinct is useless
in the absence of control, boys.
ANNOUNCER: For those of you just joining us,
we've got a doozy of battle in progress
in Battle Arena A.
ANNOUNCER: And it's being dominated by Anubias.
ANUBIAS: Now Horridian! Hah!
It's time to launch Mechtogan Smasheon!
BOY BATTLER F: [terrified gasp]
[heavy metallic impact]
[computer beeps and trills]
ANUBIAS: Let's get our smash-on!
[laser blasts]
ANUBIAS: [grunt, exertion reax]
ANUBIAS: [gasp] [grunt, exertion reax]
SPECTATOR A: Now that's how you use a Mechtogan!
SPECTATOR B: Yeah, too bad Dan wasn't here to take notes!
ANUBIAS: That was close.
If it weren't for the Chaos Bakugan that Master Mag Mel
gave me I would've lost control of my Mechtogan.
How the heck was Dan Kuso able to control his, then?
ANUBIAS: [grunt, anger reax]
DYLAN: Hmmm. Interesting.
DYLAN: I thought the BakuNanos made the battles
more intense but the Mechtogans have really
upped the stakes. I've gotta figure out how to
get my hands some of those things.
DYLAN: With the right supplier I could make
some serious cheddar!
SELLON: What happened with Dan and Drago?
ANUBIAS: I don't know. I had them up against the ropes
but then somehow they managed to get control
over their Mechtogan.
SELLON: That's pretty interesting.
SELLON: I don't think any of us anticipated that.
ANUBIAS: I know. It's just...
BEN: Hey, Boss...
ANUBIAS: What is it?
BEN: Check this.
NOAH: It's me Noah!
ANUBIAS: Noah?
BEN: We told him to scram but he wouldn't listen.
NOAH: I want a shot at joining Team Anubias.
ANUBIAS: What's the deal, kid?
I thought you were Kuso's number one fan.
NOAH: Not any more I'm not.
NOAH: I've been watching you ever since Dan took off
from Interspace like a punk and abandoned his loyal fans.
NOAH: You're an awesome battler, Anubias.
You've got way more skill and courage than that loser Dan.
NOAH: You're the best! What d'ya say?
ANUBIAS: Sure, why not.
NOAH: [gasp] Yeah!
JACK: Hahaha! Congrats squirt. Welcome to Team Anubias, pal.
BEN: Just make sure you don't get in our way.
NOAH: No problem!
ANUBIAS: Soon you'll have no fans left, Kuso.
SELLON: Is there a reason you're walking around
with your fist clenched like that?
ANUBIAS: [angry grunt]
SELLON: Try not to forget that the mission here
is to resurrect Master Mag Mel.
ANUBIAS: Hmmph.
SELLON: There. Can you hear it, Anubias?
SELLON: More evil is in bloom.
SHUN: [panting]
TAYLEAN: Are you okay Shun?
SHUN: I'm all right.
ANNOUNCER: Attention. This afternoon in Battle Arena A,
we'll be holding a Battle Royale!
SHUN: What? A Battle Royale!
TAYLEAN: That's pure insanity!
TAYLEAN: Having a bunch of unskilled Battlers in one
giant fight will only end in disaster!
SHUN: Not if I can help it.
MARUCHO: Shun! [panting, running reax]
Did you just hear that announcement?
SHUN: I did.
MARUCHO: How can they just call a random
Battle Royale like that?
TRISTAR: Most of those kids can barely handle one-on-one.
This has bad news written all over it.
MARUCHO: Things are way out of control in here.
First it was the BakuNanos and then the Mechtogans,
and now a dangerous free-for-all like this.
It's just not right!
SHUN: I know. It feels like someone is manipulating things.
MARUCHO: Yeah, but who?
SHUN: No idea.
I'll have to figure that out after the Battle Royale.
MARUCHO: Wait!
TAYLEAN: The only way for us to keep this
Battle Royale from tearing Interspace apart,
is for us to win the whole thing.
SHUN: Exactly.
MARUCHO: Hmmm!
ANNOUNCER: Heads up Battle Fans.
The environment for today's Battle Royale
will be Urban Combat!
DYLAN: Well, this is very curious indeed.
Both Sellon and Anubias are sitting this one out.
DYLAN: [chuckle] Kinda makes you wonder if
something fishy is going on.
ROBIN: Bakugan Brawl! SOON: Bakugan Brawl!
ROBIN: Bakugan Stand! SOON: Bakugan Stand!
BOY BATTLER G: Let's all gang up on the Robin and Soon.
BOY BATTLER H: Okay! GIRL BATTLER A: Okay!
ROBIN: I'm gonna teach you punks a lesson you won't ever forget!
ROBIN: BakuNano, Hyper Pulsor.
ROBIN: Destroy!
BOY BATTLER G: What kind of BakuNano's that, huh?
BOY BATTLER G: We can still take 'em! Relax.
BOY BATTLER G: Aaaaaarrrrrggggghhhh!
GIRL BATTLER A: Where'd that come from?
BOY BATTLER H: It sure wasn't from Bolcanon!
ROBIN: Check it out!
[laser blasts and explosions]
BOY BATTLER H: [grunt reax] GIRL BATTLER A: [scream]
[laser blast and explosion]
SOON: I dedicate this to Ms. Sellon,
who taught me about grace in battle.
SOON: BakuNano Slicerix.
SOON: Destroy!
[metal swoosh]
SOON: What a glorious play!
ROBIN: Don't pat yourself on the back just yet.
[laser blasts and explosions]
SOON: An attack like that is useless
in a close-range battle. Time for the next dance Krowl!
SOON: Unfortunately for you, my BakuNano
thrives when brawling in close proximity.
ROBIN: Bolcanon!
SOON: It's too late for you.
[heavy ground impact]
ROBIN: [angry grunt]
SHUN: Give it up, you two!
SHUN: Save us all a lot of aggravation and walk away!
SHUN: Bakugan Brawl! Hah!
SHUN: Bakugan stand!
SHUN: Let's go, Ventus Taylean.
ROBIN: Butt out!
TAYLEAN: Whoa!
SOON: How rude! Attack Slicerix!
TAYLEAN: [grunt, exertion reax]
SHUN: Taylean. We have to win to save Interspace!
TAYLEAN: [grunt] Whoa!
SHUN: Ability activate!
SHUN: Slash Rise Thunder!
TAYLEAN: Don't let up, Shun. Let's hit them again!
SHUN: I'm with you. No mercy!
Hah!
SHUN: Ability activate!
SHUN: Slash Supreme Sword Storm!
TAYLEAN: Haaaaah!
ROBIN: [angry grunt]
SOON: Stubborn fool.
TAYLEAN: Huh? [grunt, exertion reax]
ROBIN: Finish him!
TAYLEAN: Aaaaaaarrrrrrgggggghhhh!
SHUN: Taylean!
SHUN: I have to get him out of there before it's too late.
TAYLEAN: [groan] [panting]
SOON: Going somewhere?
SOON: Ability activate!
SOON : Battle Sines!
TAYLEAN: [grunt, pain reax]
SHUN: Taylean! My ability's been blocked!
TAYLEAN: Don't worry. I can still pull this one out!
TAYLEAN: [groan, exertion reax]
SHUN: Wait!
ROBIN: Ability activate!
Karla Warrior!
TAYLEAN: [grunt, pain reax]
SHUN: No! [grunt, exertion reax]
Whoooooaaaa!
MARUCHO: Oh no!
CHRIS: Hahahaha! It looks like Shun's gonna cry!
SELLON: It would be foolish of you ...
Chris to underestimate Shun like that.
SHUN: [groan] I really hate it when
they get a lucky shot in like that.
SHUN: I know you're hurting Taylean but...
TAYLEAN: [groan] It's not so bad.
SHUN: Then can we...?
TAYLEAN: I'm ready when you are, partner.
SHUN: [grunt, exertion reax]
SHUN: [mighty battle cry] TAYLEAN: [mighty battle cry]
SHUN: Oh no!
TAYLEAN: [mighty battle cry]
SHUN: Another Mechtogan. But how?
SHUN: What's happening to us, Taylean?
ROBIN: Things are really heating up, Smasheon!
SHUN: This is bad.
TAYLEAN: [groan] [grunt]
CROWD OF SPECTATORS: [shocked reax, ooohs and aaaahhhhs]
SELLON: It's just so very beautiful.
[rising mighty roar]
[heavy metallic impacts on concrete]
SHUN: Well, I guess since we created this creep
it's going to be up to us to defeat him too!
SHUN: Ready to go?
TAYLEAN: You bet! Hmmmph!
TAYLEAN: Whoa! He's big!
MARUCHO: [gasp]
BEN: Hey boss, I don't like the look of that thing.
Maybe we should split, huh?
ROBIN: [gasp] He's just trying to distract us.
SOON: Well it won't work.
CHRIS: Intense!
SELLON: Just wait. It gets better.
ANUBIAS: Hah. Big deal.
That's nothing compared to Dan's Mechtogan.
MAG MEL: It's incredible!
Can you feel it pouring in, Razenoid?
MAG MEL: The chaos energy being created by these
intense battles is growing!
Soon we will be free!
[heavy metallic impacts on concrete]
SHUN: There! Go get him!
TAYLEAN: I'm on it!
TAYLEAN: Aaaaarrrrgggggghhhhh!
TAYLEAN: Ooooomph!
SHUN: Taylean!
ROBIN: Ability activate!
Screw Ripper!
SOON: Ability activate!
Hummel Bowler!
[explosion]
ROBIN: That's right!
ROBIN: [gasp] SOON: [gasp]
[rising mighty roar]
[multiple laser blasts]
SOON: But how did he...
ROBIN: Beat us?
[mighty roar]
SHUN: Taylean! He's coming this way!
SHUN: Hey! Did you hear me?
TAYLEAN: [groan]
SHUN: Watch out!
PAIGE: Bakugan Brawl!
PAIGE: Bakugan Stand!
PAIGE: Rise Subterra Boulderon!
BOULDERON: Haaaaaaaaah!
RAFE: Bakugan Brawl! Hah!
RAFE: Bakugan Stand!
RAFE: Rise Haos Wolfurio!
RAFE: Hold on a sec!
RAFE: BakuNano Lanzato!
RAFE: Destroy!
SHUN: Who are you guys?
PAIGE: Hah. Don't worry about that!
RAFE: Focus on stopping that Mechtogan!
RAFE: Now! Wolfurio!
WOLFURIO: Ready!
PAIGE: Let's go!
Ability activate!
PAIGE: Magnetic Shield!
BOULDERON: [rising mighty roar]
WOLFURIO: You have to get up, Taylean.
TAYLEAN: [groan, exertion reax]
PAIGE: Don't let go of him, Boulderon!
BOULDERON: I'll do my best, but he's pretty strong.
PAIGE: I don't wanna hear it! Just do it!
RAFE: He's more powerful than we thought!
WOLFURIO: Get it together, Taylean!
WOLFURIO: Focus all of your energy,
then once you're centered project it outward!
TAYLEAN: Let's do this, Shun!
SHUN: Ability activate!
TAYLEAN: Hmmmmph!
SHUN: Kazami-style, Flame Seal!
PAIGE: I'm not done yet!
Ability activate!
PAIGE: False Motion!
BOULDERON: [rising mighty roar]
RAFE: My turn, now!
Ability activate!
RAFE: Terra Shield!
WOLFURIO: Hmmmmmph!
WOLFURIO: Finally!
CROWD OF SPECTATORS: [insane cheering]
SHUN: They stopped it.
TAYLEAN: [grunt]
SHUN: You okay?
TAYLEAN: I... [groan]
SHUN: Huh?
RAFE: [gasp] PAIGE: [gasp]
[explosion]
RAFE: That was supposed to be unbreakable.
PAIGE: I guess we were wrong.
WOLFURIO: Let's go! BOULDERON: Bring it!
[mighty roar]
SHUN: [gasp] RAFE: [gasp] PAIGE: [grunt]
SHUN: Where did he go? [groan]
RAFE: I thought this guy was supposed to be one of the best.
PAIGE: Hah! He's weak!
CROWD OF SPECTATORS: [murmuring, shocked reax]
MARUCHO: Where did those guys come from?
MARUCHO: Are you serious?
PAIGE: Ya, I'm a Gundalian. The name is Paige.
And this guy is Rafe.
RAFE: Yes, the name is Rafe.
I'm from Neathia and I'm a member of the Castle Knights.
MARUCHO: But what are you guys doing here on Earth?
SHUN: Did you bring that Mechtogan?
SHUN: Because you seem to know an awful lot about it.
PAIGE: Come on.
RAFE: We first learned about the Mechtogan far away on Neathia.
RAFE: A Mechtogan is the physical manifestation
of an ability, created when Bakugan
and Battler fall out of sync.
RAFE: In other words it's born out of chaos.
MARUCHO: They're from Bakugan?
RAFE: Yes, which means that theoretically
you should be able to command them...
...but only if the power balance between Battler
and Bakugan is in sync.
SHUN: [angry grunt]
SHUN: Otherwise you have zero control.
TRISTAR: So are you trying to tell me that Anubias
and Sellon are in perfect balance
with their Bakugan then?
RAFE: No, we think they're using other control methods.
MARUCHO: What kind of other methods?
RAFE: We're not entirely sure.
PAIGE: The truth is, we've never seen a Mechtogan
in person before.
MARUCHO: Huh?
RAFE: Until now we've only studied about them
in the ancient texts.
PAIGE: Yeah, but we still know way more than you!
PAIGE: When word reached Neathia about the appearance
of Mechtogan Princess Fabia asked us to
come and give you guys a hand cleaning things up.
MARUCHO: Wow! Are you guys serious?
SHUN: We don't need a pair of babysitters
so you can get lost.
MARUCHO: Huh? Shun, hold on.
MARUCHO: Shun, wait!
PAIGE: Just let him go.
PAIGE: We don't have time for a sulker,
there's important work to be done.
RAFE: Who knew the Battle Brawlers
were such an awful mess?
MARUCHO: We're not that bad... [sigh]
TRISTAR: You can't just let them walk away!
They know about the Mechtogans.
DRAGO: [grunt, exertion reax]
DAN: Drago!, C'mon, you gotta go faster, buddy!
DRAGO: Haaaaaaaaaah!
DRAGO: Hmmmph!
Huuuuuah!
DRAGO: [grunt, exertion reax] [panting]
DAN: Hmmmph! [grunt]
DAN: Are you gonna be okay, pal?
DRAGO: Yes, I'll be fine.
DAN: Awesome!
DAN: Oh yeah! We're gonna get out of this slump,
get control of our powers and be back on top!
DRAGO: In no time!
MARUCHO: Oh man! This really stinks!
What am I gonna do?
KYOSUKE: Marucho.
MARUCHO: Hey, Dad! This is a surprise.
Is everything okay?
KYOSUKE: I have something I need to discuss.
MARUCHO: Right well, I don't mean to be rude
but can it wait. I'm kind of in the middle
of something really important.
Can I call you back in the morning?
KYOSUKE: It will just take a second.
MARUCHO: Oh, okay.
KYOSUKE: I want you to quit the Battle Brawlers.
MARUCHO: Whaaaaaaaaaat?
TRISTAR: Life in Bakugan Interspace
really stinks these days.
Those two cocky, young punks Rafe and Paige
have been hanging around and smack talking the Brawlers.
Shun is acting like King Grumpy-Pants because
all he wants to do is battle.
Those pesky Mechtogans keep popping up
and destroying stuff and now Marucho wants to quit.
I can't believe I'm saying this but,
I wish Dan and Drago were around to straighten things out.
Maybe you could tune in and give some advice
about the craziness you see.
All I know is, someone has to be
the voice of reason, before it's too late!
\u266a [MUSIC]